Meg Hall: I'm gonna bring the prop to bring to like hand hold in one of my hands. Right? So
Meg Hall: let's just go ahead and I'm gonna take off my background. So that way, you can actually see
Meg Hall: my my mannerisms back virtual backgrounds. None. Okay?
Meg Hall: And it's Jen and Monica. Right? You guys are the.
Chloe Lannert: Yes, j lo.
Meg Hall: Hi Jlo!
Chloe Lannert: Actually, do you want to introduce yourselves.
Meg Hall: I mean.
Chloe Lannert: And I forget that. We haven't had enough alumni sort of interconnection.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Sure
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I can go first.st So I'm Monica Roy. I'm founder of seascape clinical. We have a clinical operations automation solution that we sell to Pharma, and I was in the last cohort. So San Francisco, 2024.
Chloe Lannert: And Monica had to teach the entire audience what the hell clinical
Chloe Lannert: operations were in the space of 6 min.
Chloe Lannert: like her brilliance, is communicating like niche industries in a really clean space of time. So yeah, killer.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Do you want
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: need to introduce myself? Jlo, okay, Hi, everyone good to see you. J. Lo! Founder of Travaris, and I was a closer for our demo day on like in May of 23 or 24 last last year, or whatever and I was the one who brought the energy. So I'll be looking for like engagement energy kind of like, how are you gonna show up?
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: And if it feels like, you know, compelling so.
Chloe Lannert: Jlo. Also just spit jobs language for 6 min straight. It was great. You were
Chloe Lannert: the killer part was you were able to tell the customer story story so so well, and make it really relatable, even though it was like quite a niche group of people. You were able to bring that and make that understandable. Using the language pulled directly from your customers in a really seamless way.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, Meg, back to you.
Meg Hall: Cool. Yeah, we know we know. Jlo, we met her a couple of times. Okay, so let's just jump in here. So Hi, everyone, my, I'm may call the founder of sales Play X at Oracle and Coupa. I spent years building playbooks like these where I would, we would create. I would create strategies for launching new products, breaking into new verticals or upselling the install base.
Meg Hall: So that might be a little too jargony. But here's the problem. Sales reps, had to still manually research each account to figure out what's happening in the business, and then put together this puzzle and match it with a playbook and then find the customer stories to run on that account, and they had to spend hours creating personalized slides and proposals and value cases. In fact, 40% of a sales reps. Time is spent researching and preparing or researching accounts and preparing for sales. Conversations
Meg Hall: drop it well, no more sales play actually uses AI to create personalized sales playbooks for each account. So your team can deliver the right message to the right person at the right time in the sales cycle.
Meg Hall: We give you a full go to market sales, motion for for every single account, with messaging outreach sequences, slides, and proposals. Everything you need to go close that deal. We've already brought in 6 figures of revenue. And we're working on. We're working with 20% of the Excel Kkr portfolio. And we've even turned some of our customers into investors. Let's show you how we're helping customers break into these strategic accounts. Let me turn over to the video
Meg Hall: and.
Chloe Lannert: Right, 1 20.
Meg Hall: 1, 20, okay.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, we don't need to see the video. We just need the the 1 min pitch.
Meg Hall: Oh, okay.
Chloe Lannert: What we're covering today.
Meg Hall: Okay? Well, basically, the video is like a bunch of like short stories that match with the the click through of the
Meg Hall: of the dashboard.
Meg Hall: That's it.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, I have some thoughts. So
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I think, yeah, there's a lot of jargon. But so I actually reflected on you know, my cohorts, pitches, and like what they had in common, and there were some like element, even though all of ours were different. There were some like common elements that were in all of them. And so is it. Okay, Chloe, if I just go over these, I think it'll help everyone.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay. So basically, there's always a strong opening. So whether it's a statistic or a claim, or you know something very strong to hook someone and like, get them into your pitch.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And then there's always a strong closing. So again, it could be a statistic, a claim. It could be a call back to the strong opening. So there's always that, because the strong opening hooks, the strong closing makes it memorable and kind of puts a bow on it, and in the middle there's always what is the product? Who is your target customer? What is the customer benefit?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And even if you're not positioning this towards investors, everyone talked about the magnitude of the problem right? Or an industry industry trend
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): and then, you know, you did this one as well. This one was optional, like a personal relationship or experience in the problem.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And so some of these were there. Some of these were not there. But I think if you, I'm going to take a page out of the Troy playbook, and you know, say a line as though he would say it. But, like, you know, did you know that it takes sales? Reps X. Amount of time to put together a sales playbook. What's a sales playbook? Blah? Blah blah, right? And then, you know, go into
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): how you're the only one in the industry that does this, or you do it the best with AI.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I think that's a stronger way to kind of lead into it. Than how you did it. So.
Meg Hall: Alright. Okay. So did you know. And then what was the last part? The second part of that.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, like, did. You know it takes like sales, reps X. Amount of time to create one sales playbook. And then, you know what is a sales playbook, and then you can go into like what that is at at a high level. And then, you know, then you can introduce your company, and then talk about like how you do sales playbooks better than the manual way, or like other applications that are also using AI to create sales playbooks, if any exist right?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So that it's just that lead in, I think, should be like more dramatic.
Meg Hall: Okay.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah, I was gonna say, like the beginning, like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: you talk about your time at oracle and sales
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: salesforce. I can't remember Oracle and somewhere else. But anyways
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: you have like time at the end for Q&A. With your eir, and I think like that's when they should be like, well, why are you the person to build this? And you can be like, well, I spent the last 20 years like running sales, playbooks for oracle, and I've seen how like slow and manual and blah blah it is
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: when you save that for that, because that look needs to be so compelling like. Did you know that 40% of sales rep? Or did you know that sales reps? Spend 40% of the time? Just doing research for their their pipeline. And they're like, that's
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: 15 HA week.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: That's crazy, right like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: And so that way, it makes it really tangible of like, how big of a problem, and even if you like, were to quantify like, if you have 10, if you have a team of 10 sales, reps, or 20 sales reps. That means that
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: 200 HA week are, you know, being wasted, just researching instead of selling and closing deals and generating revenue?
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: You know what I mean like, that's the thing where, like a business person is like holy shit. You're right like I'm missing out on like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: so many deals, because my reps are wasting their time just like researching.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Okay.
Meg Hall: I don't think I'm gonna do the 40% as my opening. But I get what you guys are saying like, start off with like some kind of a stat that pulls them in.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: and then I love that you're like sales, play X like, takes over the runs, the full go to market motion.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: and then you're like, but then you jump to like. And now we've demonstrated like 6 figure revenue. But it's like you're talking about like the sales rep, and like the loss of time and the impact. But then you talk about how you've made money. I think it almost like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: would be more compelling for you to say like what you've done for them like by implementing sales, play X and doing the full. Go to market ocean. They've seen 6 figure increases in their revenue
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: where they've seen a 50% acceleration in their deals closing.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: You know what I mean, because, like it may, it was like the jump from like this is how cool we are. But also, like, I'm telling you about all these problems. But now I'm like making a shit ton of money, and it's kind of like a disconnect for me.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: And then maybe, like 6 figure revenue is something that you say like in your Eir QA. Or something I don't know, just like reworking that a little, so that the message is more cohesive.
Meg Hall: Okay.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, and.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Also.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Oh, go ahead!
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I was. Gonna say, I don't know that I like the idea of like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: dropping the sales playbook in the stage. I feel like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I love like the idea of being like bold and like high energy, and and all the things. But you can do that without having props. I feel like it almost would be like it would be a disservice to you like it would make you. It would make it seem like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: more of like a skit versus like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I don't know. I just feel like it'd be a distraction. But that's just my opinion.
Meg Hall: Okay.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, my question was, so you're at oracle and salesforce. So do you specialize in enterprise sales for technology to technology companies? Is that your specialty.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay? So I would put that in there, too, like, you're not making a sales
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): playbook for selling to like vet offices or something right like, it's like these enterprise sales have like multiple stakeholders, and they have a ton of initiatives like that's a lot of information like when you go into your what is a sales playbook like, maybe you can say, you know, we specialize in creating we automate sales playbook creation for huge enterprise sale technology sales or something like that.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Right? So that cause that's, I always think, like, who are they selling to right and like, what is our niche? Because I always like to see like a niche.
Meg Hall: Hmm!
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah.
Meg Hall: Okay.
Meg Hall: Alex.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, I thought it was great. One of the thing that you know I really loved your comment, J. Lo, about like how you help them. I think that would be great. One of the thing that you know when you explain this to me. One of the things that clicked in my head was you were saying like.
Alex Nativelle: I am a sales rep I need to sell into. I have like 80 accounts that I can sell into that are like these huge big what you said, Monica. Right like there's like
Alex Nativelle: 5 different stakeholders who have each like 10 report that I need to convince. And I need to know the exact news like the news dropped yesterday that their stock price went up. So I need to refer that in my conversation, and that's what sales playth does to you. Right? That felt very compelling, like the tension between like I need. I have 80 accounts. This is very stressful. I can't mess up one like I have 80. It's so stressful. And I need to have all the information. Really, really there, I felt that this was I was like.
Alex Nativelle: yeah. And that's why I spend 40% of my time researching. Because, you know, if I don't do the research like, I'm fucked.
Alex Nativelle: yeah.
Alex Nativelle: And I don't know. I felt that was very compelling. And then you can introduce that into the to make it like less Jargony, right like enterprise sales. What is. This is just like it's tough, because there's so many people involved so many information. And I don't have that many people I can reach out to.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah, I feel like when you quantify it, just like solidifies how crazy big this problem is. Like as a sales rep, when I think about sitting down and making calls. I'm like, Oh, fuck like I don't wanna just cold call. It's not gonna be effective. And like, so if I'm like looking at 80 accounts, and I know that I have like 5 stakeholders to be looking at before I even make this call. I'm like it's so overwhelming.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Like to have a tool that just does it for you.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: That's amazing.
Alex Nativelle: And that ties up like to the
Alex Nativelle: value prop of like the tool. When you see the video, what I loved was like, oh, I'm on this account I have all the news. So we see directly. Okay, the news that I need to reference, and all the people that I have in this account. I was like, well, when I tried it like salesplex. That's why I was like, Wow, this is really good.
Meg Hall: Okay.
Meg Hall: Cool. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Brilliant thanks. So Carlo, ready.
Carlo Scaglia: Hi, Monica! Nice to meet you. Hey, Jayla? Nice to see you again!
Carlo Scaglia: Haven't learned it. So apologies for reading it also for context.
Carlo Scaglia: mine will come after the video. I'll do the video first, st then the 1 min pitch. But anyways
Carlo Scaglia: let me get into it.
Carlo Scaglia: So.
Chloe Lannert: Real real quick. What's your like goal for Demo Day.
Carlo Scaglia: My goal for Demo Day is mainly to attract clients. I want to use the whole 6 min pitch as an asset that I can recycle across different platforms. I want also the video to be a standard on asset.
Carlo Scaglia: It could be on things like website can use different platforms. I want to pitch itself to almost be like a standalone asset the Q. And A could be its own sort of FAQ section. Thing. So for me. It's really as a way to to clarify what exactly does, and to spread its message
Carlo Scaglia: to the world.
Carlo Scaglia: Nice, alright. So
Carlo Scaglia: advertising agencies are firing people by the hundreds. Yet content demand has increased by 200 sounds conflicting. It's not brands need content faster, cheaper, and more efficiently than agencies can produce. But internal creative teams are stretched in the time for a new solution is now. And this is where exhorty steps in.
Carlo Scaglia: We've built a platform that connects brands directly with exceptional creators who are genuinely passionate about their specific industries. Think of it as your on-demand creative department, you know, ski, video and aspen, we match you with creators who's already there knows the terrain and has the right equipment, not someone needs to fly in and learn on the job.
Carlo Scaglia: Our creators deliver campaigns for clients like Airbnb, mandarin, Oriental, and skyscanner in days, not weeks with 0 reshoots and at a fraction of agency costs.
Carlo Scaglia: And it all happens in one place, briefing communication contracts and payments, replacing endless emails and confusing spreadsheets with a simple streamlined platform.
Carlo Scaglia: We're already at 20 K monthly recurring revenue. And we're just getting started, join Airbnb and the others who have discovered that authentic content isn't just more effective with exhorty. It's also faster and more affordable than ever.
Carlo Scaglia: Thank you.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, I have some questions. So you mentioned marketing content. But like, what type of content like a thought leadership article? A photo shoot like, you know.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, so and that's why I think it's relevant, I specify, comes after the videos. And we're focused on photos and video, we're focused on photos and videos. And that's what we stress in the video beforehand.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Can you tell me what the video was gonna would be.
Carlo Scaglia: It's like the 1 min.
Carlo Scaglia: Yes. So in century storyline, or I'll give it
Carlo Scaglia: a shortened description of it. But it hones on the fact that we're
Carlo Scaglia: littered with a lot of empty content on different digital channels, photos and videos that don't really connect
Carlo Scaglia: And then we pitch what if there was a world where creators that are obsessed with their craft can thrive and they're selected based on their passions and their talents.
Carlo Scaglia: a place where you can engage them with unmatched ease to create whatever photo and whatever video for any of your channels that truly connect.
Carlo Scaglia: And then it all wraps up by showing the platform.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So is it accurate to say, this is like a upwork for marketing creatives.
Carlo Scaglia: As much as I hate that description. We can run with that. Yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, so you. So I've used upwork for marketing to hire marketing creatives. And I want to know, like, how is it different? Why is it better.
Carlo Scaglia: The whole, the whole network is extremely vetted. So it's not randomized. It's not generalized in that respect. We've got a very deep focus on passions.
Carlo Scaglia: While it sounds romantic. We've seen that actually, by focusing on passion, we've got a significant impact on the campaigns. We're able to deliver content a lot faster again. Going to the example of like, say, you're doing a skiing commercial and you get someone's really passionate about skiing. They're already there. They know the job. They know the location. You're not shipping a whole camera crew out. I don't know to the Alps which costs so much more.
Carlo Scaglia: but also because the content is a lot more authentic, it performs significantly better. And we've seen that, like clients that use our content, that content tends to perform about 3 to 5 times better any of the other content.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, that's your hook. So because everyone's going to be thinking the same thing as me. So you can lead off with. Like, you know, we've all used upwork and fiverr for hiring like you know, content creators. But the problem is, you know, they're generic. Blah blah blah you know, introducing our platform. And this introduces passion into the process. And this passion is not just, you know,
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): like for fun. It actually leads to
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): what is what did you say? Like results? Right? Like, you get better like marketing results. So I think that's your hook, actually. And it helps dispel the notion that it's similar to upwork, and all those other platforms.
Carlo Scaglia: Cool.
Carlo Scaglia: That's a good point. I've always. I've always struggled with the notion of of passion, because I think sometimes it sounds a little bit too romantic. But it's actually like, no, it actually has very clear impact on the results that you're getting.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I think it also depends on who your audience is, though, because you said, you want to like, sell this to like companies and use it. But, like ultimately, like, who's your target company that you're selling to? Is it the Airbnbs of the world that do have agencies and in-house production? Or is it a startup who's super scrappy and uses artwork upwork for content production? You know what I mean like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: at the end of the day? It's like when you said like, oh, like, there's agencies that take a long time and then inner in
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: in-house production that's like spread really thin, like that resonates with me because I come from like a pre Ipo startup. That like has that, you know, and it does take a long time. The turnaround time for agency work is like 3 to 6 months, and you're saying that you can like do it in a fraction of the time. But if you're like talking to me as Trevaris scrappy startup, and I'm like trying to get some dude from Pakistan for fucking up work work for super cheap
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: like the turnaround. Time might be fast. But like, that's a whole completely different target audience.
Carlo Scaglia: And I will focus more on those like bigger clients.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: So I almost feel like when you like. I don't love the reference to upwork. I don't think of you as an upwork
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: like if I were a startup.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): That's a good point. J. Lo, because you're right, like these are people who will be using agencies and not upwork right?
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: So
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I don't know but the video like intro, and then the pitch. I think the one thing that like stood out to me like I love the in. I loved the intro, but like there was like a question around quality. So yes, like, maybe not so much as like, is this going to be as bad as upwork? But like, how? How do
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: you know that this is a fraction of the time? But the quality is better. You know what I mean like if you clarify like we vet and like these, this is how we vet and
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: da da da that might be helpful. And another thing is like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: even though on a high level. I understand what you're doing from the video and also from the pitch, like in the Eir questions. Maybe there should be like a Q&A around like an example of a like a tangible company. So you referenced Airbnb, using y'all, maybe you like, actually talk about it like this is the person from Airbnb who used this, and this is the person we connected them with, and this is the result?
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Because then it makes it more clear on like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: who are these digital creators? How did you find them? And like, How are they actually really good. I don't know.
Carlo Scaglia: Okay, that makes sense. Yeah, because the quality side is from a vetting point of view. Both in terms of like the the quality capabilities. But professionalism. It's like we always have a call with the creators, and it's the late to the call. We don't accept them onto the platform to think the speed is related back to that passion. It's because they're already there. They're already doing it. You don't need to fly someone out there by the time you even try to look for someone in a certain place
Carlo Scaglia: we shot that campaign. It's like on a different example. We're shooting with one fine stay. That's the luxury version of Airbnb. They wanted to shoot like this crazy villa in Cancun.
Carlo Scaglia: One option was to send a production crew even from the us, or try to get one from Mexico City with top traitors right there. And it's like, just because they're right there. We already make this faster a lot cheaper.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah. But I love that. You just said even like you're like, if we every person that we get that wants to be on the platform. If they're late to the call, we automatically disqualify them like that. I'm like, fuck, yeah, because even though it seems so so little. But actually, it's like you're setting the bar like. If you want to work with us, then you're the creatives that work with us are at this level, not here.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: so that like that in and of itself is like part of like the passion, and like yes, speed to time and all the things. And
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I don't know.
Carlo Scaglia: Cool. That's that's awesome.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Question, who's like the body managing the campaigns? Is it you or the Creator?
Carlo Scaglia: Until now it's been asked, but because the platform was like semi-automated in June, we're rolling out the fully automated platform that includes things like
Carlo Scaglia: chat functionalities, but also automated campaign updates. So the project management will be done through the platform between client and creator.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, that's interesting.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Alright, I was. Gonna say, if you're doing it, then that's a value. Add right?
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, I mean, we can do it. But then it's like that.
Carlo Scaglia: It we become like a bottleneck in that respect, you know, and it's
Carlo Scaglia: I guess we just become a parent to be honest, we. So we were just
Carlo Scaglia: also neck in each campaign, because we're just relaying information from one party to another, one that could just relay it to each other. It's like we've got a active campaign now in Kyoto, and the the time zone is just being a total fuckery, because I have to wait and send feedback and then get feedback and send it through and said they can just handle it.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, I've had one more question. So on upwork, you can hire an agency or an individual. So are these individuals or agencies on your platform.
Carlo Scaglia: Individuals. I've been focused on like younger generations. So they're a lot more agile or more flexible. And like we've done productions for certain companies that when I show them to agencies they're like, Oh, I think this probably took like 6 months, and had a crew of like 10 people, and probably cost like 100 k, and I'm like, yeah, it actually took like 5 days. And there's 1 create. And it cost like 5 k, so like, that's why we focus on individuals. But they're just like killers.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, you can kind of bring that in in your QA. As well. Right? The simplicity of it.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So.
Carlo Scaglia: Thank you. That was super helpful.
Chloe Lannert: Love it.
Chloe Lannert: P. Is she ready?
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Yep.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): So just a second.
Chloe Lannert: Your goal for Demo day.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): I think the goal is to
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): to spread awareness about our product in the market, because we have not yet finalized the use cases. So we want more and more people to be aware about us that there is a deep fake detection startup,
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): you know, coming out of techstars, and if if their friends or their, you know, colleagues are looking for a solution like this, then you know, then they should come to us because I don't. I don't expect because we have a very, very specific niche, which is the Kyc. Vendors
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): right now.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): I'm not expecting a lot of such people to be present in the audience, because it's a very, you know, focused niche. But maybe there can be some banks or larger financial institutions that can be there.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): So so through them, we can reach out to our clients. So so basically, customer discovery is the goal.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Are you.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Video or pitch first.st
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): I can. I'll I'll go with the. I think I'll go with the video first, st and then I'll I'll pitch.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, what's the video gonna cover? Super, high level summary.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Yeah. So we have created like a script, one net script. It includes some of the recent deepfix candles that have happened around the globe so initially. We'll talk about some scams, large scams that have happened, and then we will come to
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): the the solution part that this can happen to you also. This can happen to your company as well, and we are trying to protect you from this. And this is our product. So this is the flow of the this. I can show you that also, if you have time, like.
Chloe Lannert: Absolutely.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Question about deepfakes in general, and I don't know if your video goes into this. But Deepfake is always just an image right or a video.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): No, yeah, no. We are doing. We are doing 3, 3 media con type. Right? Now, video image and audio.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So it can pick out like fake song like AI generated music, and things like that.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Yeah. AI generated music. Yes.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, got it?
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): But that's not the use case right now, although there is an interesting use case from Amazon like they, they want to watermark their audible. You know the.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Amazon spotify. They're all being like inundated with AI slop music. So you know.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Yeah. Great.
Chloe Lannert: When, whenever you're ready.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Okay, I'll go with the short pitch right now. So here goes.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Deepfake. Fraud is up 300% in the past year costing companies, billions.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): One bank lost 35 million dollars to a fake. CEO video call.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): neural defend stops that we detect AI generated video voice and images in real time, with 99% accuracy and less than one second turnaround time.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): whether via Api on-prem, or bring your bring your cloud deployment. Neural defend fits right into your existing verification stack.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Think of it as a firewall for deepfakes, always on always learning neural defend, keeping it real in the world of fakes.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I thought that was super clear. The only thing is the
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): maybe you want to make it more hooky and exciting, but I thought that was super clear what it does, especially following the video. But you said, for example, a company lost 35 million because of a fake CEO video call. All I can think about is like
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): what happened like I don't know what that means. So like more detail around like, was there a deal that was done
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): with the fake. CEO, like what happened there.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Yeah, I can include that. I think I can add one more line.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Oh, yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Because I I kept thinking like trying to think what happened. And you kept talking so. But other than that, I thought it was good, like the the all the core components were there.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Okay.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah, I was. Gonna say, it was like, super clear and succinct, and like pretty compelling. I would just say, like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Bring the freaking energy man like deepfakes is like one of the biggest problems in the world today, right? And like, it's not really being addressed. And there isn't a lot of legislation going on to like protect companies and people and businesses against deepfakes.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Right like, if anything trump wants to like, remove all the like responsible AI, you know, policies. So it's only going to get worse.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: right? And so like, I love that you're like, consider this like a firewall for deepfakes. It's like, yeah, it's great like, because we need it. But say, similar to Monica, like, just really clarify like, what is like, what's a tangible example?
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Because I think, like. Everybody generally knows, like deepfakes, what a deep fake is, and everyone generally knows like how it could potentially impact them. But like no one's, I'm sure like. I hope that nobody's actually experienced it personally. But as a business like, what does that like really feel like or look like? So if you just kind of expand on the story of like, what does the 35 million dollars loss look like? And how did it get there?
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: That might be helpful? And if it's too long of a story, then like, use that in the Q&A at the end. So like when someone says, like, Yeah, tell me about that like you said that that bank lost 35 million dollars like, how the heck did that happen?
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: And then you say, well, yeah, like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: this happened in Xyz. And this is like happening to companies all over the world. And it's accelerating. And this is why we exist.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah, I think creating an interest in the page and then like making them hooked
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): and then curious about how that happened, and later on, addressing that in the Q. And A.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Can be a good idea.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): No.
Chloe Lannert: Some Andrew.
Andrew Fernandes: Oh, yeah, 2 things. I might change a little bit, perhaps. Name the bank. It might make it a little bit more graspable. Your example.
Andrew Fernandes: That's 1. The other one is, I sent you this video piece. 60 min ran a piece this Sunday. The Us. Government loses 2 to 500 billion dollars a year to fraud.
Andrew Fernandes: a significant portion of which has been being done through defaks. Now
Andrew Fernandes: might be something worth mentioning. Like when I I hear that I'm viscerally angry.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): You my time.
Andrew Fernandes: Money's going that direction.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): Yeah, I mean, the only kind of concern like issue with that is, there's they have not specified how much of that was AI or or deep fake fraud. It just says broadly that it was
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): fraud. So so
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): so that if yeah, I'll try to find exactly how much of that was AI fraud.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): And then maybe you know. But but that that video was very helpful. Andrew, yeah.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): send it to my co-founders also.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Anthony.
Anthony De Silva: Thanks.
Anthony De Silva: So what I'm trying to get out of this demo day is to get introductions to mid size brokerages, realtor brokerages, and lending mortgage lenders.
Anthony De Silva: my pitch. I don't have it memorized, so I'll probably like read it. I'm gonna be pausing a lot for effect, so it might be a little slow, but just let me know. Let me know your thoughts, and if I need to go faster and add more content can do that.
Anthony De Silva: The home buying process is plagued with unnecessary delays.
Anthony De Silva: A typical transaction takes around 30 days to close
Anthony De Silva: weeks are wasted on scheduling, waiting for inspections and appraisals.
Anthony De Silva: These delays create uncertainty, complicate transactions and increase risk.
Anthony De Silva: My name is Anthony. And I built really to change this.
Anthony De Silva: we're a property condition and valuation data platform that streamlines streamlines the entire process from home inspection to appraisal.
Anthony De Silva: We use. We use a single comprehensive inspection to collect all necessary data eliminating the need for redundant visits and paperwork
Anthony De Silva: really can cut up to 3 weeks of the closing process
Anthony De Silva: for lenders. This translates to faster turnaround, reduced risk and improved capital efficiency
Anthony De Silva: for realtors. It means smoother transactions, happier clients and stronger referrals
Anthony De Silva: for home buyers really can save over 1.5 billion annually in loan costs alone.
Anthony De Silva: We're looking to partner with forward thinking professionals in the industry, specifically mid-sized lenders and tech savvy realtor brokerages to bring efficiency to the forefront
Anthony De Silva: next to show you how exact, how exactly, really works and the value you bring. Let's take a quick look at the demo. The video.
Chloe Lannert: So we're at 1 22. The one thing I'll say right off the bat is that we're looking for connections. Portion should go at the end of your QA.
Anthony De Silva: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Actual set, because you'll you'll go straight into the the video from there.
Anthony De Silva: All right.
Anthony De Silva: Oh.
Anthony De Silva: I can go a little faster and like, cut down on the time. And yeah, if I move that to probably not shave 10 seconds there.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay? So you're you're selling to mid size lenders. Is that your primary customer.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, that's that's the target segment. The the home buyer is paying for our product. But we want to get in touch with our Channel partners and realtors.
Anthony De Silva: realtor brokerage brokerages who will be recommending will be a key decision maker for the home buyer.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay.
Anthony De Silva: It's better.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Replace the inspector, or like, who? Who are you replacing here.
Anthony De Silva: So the appraiser. See, there's 2 2 people, the home inspector and the appraiser. We're using the home inspector to collect all the data that's needed for the appraisal.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, are those? Okay? I just like, sold my condo last year. I'm trying to remember, like, okay, so
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): you're selling the home.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): sorry home inspector has to gather the paperwork, including from the appraiser, are those 2 different entities, or the same.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah. So the 2 different. Usually the the buyer picks the home inspector, and then the lender sends out the appraiser.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah.
Anthony De Silva: So, but like very similar manual workflows, the appraiser doesn't look at the the condition data in in depth, whereas an inspector does
Anthony De Silva: so in the the home inspector can collect, like through a guided guided app.
Anthony De Silva: all the necessary data that we need for appraisals.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay? So you're selling. You're replacing the home inspector. Is that.
Anthony De Silva: Replacing the appraiser.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): You're replacing the appraiser. Okay? So the lender would use you as a vendor instead of an appraiser. Okay.
Anthony De Silva: That's it.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So that wasn't super clear. Okay, so yeah, a lender is your
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): is your customer? Then? Right? Because.
Anthony De Silva: The home buyer is the customer, because, even like the lender, picks the appraiser. But the home buyer pays for it.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Got it.
Anthony De Silva: But.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, cause I remember, like we just use whoever they recommended. We didn't really push back or anything.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay? So technically like, your customer is the
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): the buyer. But you're not really selling to the buyer. You're really selling to the lender right?
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay? So
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I'm thinking you're selling to the lender. Okay? So the the advantage to the lender is that you're just making the whole process under 30 days right? Which is standard.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And then how much time do you shave off again?
Anthony De Silva: We can like up to 3 weeks. So like an appraisal takes about 2 weeks. The home inspection takes another 3 weeks. Sorry another week. So we're able to do everything like the day after the home inspection.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, okay, so you're really trying to impress lenders right? Or you're you have many people benefiting. But like you're really selling to the lender. And what?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So if the closing is, I guess you're removing the risk right? Because the longer this like process goes on, for it could fall through right. So I'm trying to think of a way you have to make that compelling and not boring right and very clear, and like that wasn't coming across right? So it's a little tricky, because, you know, you're benefiting many people. And so one person is, but is actually paying for it. But the other person you're actually selling to and using as a channel. So
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I don't know what the answer is, but like.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I don't. You know, you have to do it somehow, right.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): You're doing your video later, right? Like, after your pitch.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, yes.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): maybe it's maybe consider doing it before, right, like, just walking through the process. And then people will be like, okay, this is how it works. And then you can go into, like, you know, really cool stuff about how it's going to revolutionize like you know, home buying for all parties, or something like that. That's just an idea. This one's a little complicated for me. But yeah.
Anthony De Silva: I said like the question. So so my thought process was all like
Anthony De Silva: talk about the company, or like the the hook is that you know, it takes 30 days. And we're we're producing 3 weeks. And then the question that we get asked when we say, this is like, How does that work.
Anthony De Silva: So that's why I was like, let's go to the product, Demo and and like, show you exactly how it works.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I'm just trying to think big picture like you're making home buying
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): like, what is the hook you're making home buying faster right? And in this way you are helping people achieve their dream. You know. I'm trying to like, think of something very lofty and inspirational right, which is where we have to get to
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): But then they're not the buyer. Right? So it's like, Oh, you know, you could say something like, Okay, the lender is such a key component of the home buying process. You have the realtor, you have the lender. You have the buyer right? However, we haven't seen innovations in lending in like X amount of years, which I think is true, I don't know.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): But here we're coming in and really fixing this key component of that, people don't know about, and that's the appraisal process. And so we are being a go to vendor for lenders to make the whole closing process faster, more efficient and less and less risky for realtors, homebuyers, and lenders. Something like that.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah, I was gonna say, like, throughout your pitch, it just like was really unclear who your customer is, and I know, like you're like. Oh, well, our goal is to get more customers and lenders. But then it's like you're talking about like the home buyer. And then you're talking about the real estate agent. And then you're talking about the lenders, and it was like very confusing to know, like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: who are you talking to? And then once you started talking about the value propositions like it saves time, it de-risks. I'm like de-risks for who like the home buyer or the lender who's like, who's being de-risked, you know, and so, I think, like similar to what Monica was saying is like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Be more clear about like who the customer is who you're talking to, and then like what the value is to them. And if you want to say, like the overall, you know, space like the benefit, is that the like. Everybody in that's involved wants to see this faster
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: then, like that's fine. But then, when you hone in on it, similar to what Monica was saying, this is like, then say, like, this is the process, it's archaic. This is how you fix it. And this is why we're doing it. Because at the end of the day. It's like, Yes, homebuyers do want to be able to get their lending process finalized faster.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: And like the reality is, it's like just it is. It's like a 30 day process. And so the way to fix it is
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: this specific step in the process?
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: and then also like when you said, like 30 days to close that like results in a lot of delays or law. But we're able to cut it down by 3 weeks.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I almost like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: this is just like a semantics thing, but it's like it almost feels like we could change it from change. Change it from like 30 days to 5 days, or something like that like that's like crazy. I don't know, because, like 3 weeks now, you're like talking about it in a different metric. It's like this is the length of time, but this is how much we save versus like this is length of time. And now it's like this length of time.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, like 30 days to 10 days is like the the the savings.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): It's a lot. Use a percentage, you know.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Reduce it by x percentage.
Anthony De Silva: You know.
Alex Nativelle: If I may. I feel like
Alex Nativelle: hearing a customer story like the walkthrough of like how we actually help. Someone would help, because it would like.
Alex Nativelle: you know, help me understand what you're doing exactly for me, like I could relate, because, you know, a lot of people maybe in the room would have bought or sold a house and like, see this process, this problem, and like all the things that are associated with it, and it will help also understand what your product is doing, and what's the benefits for? Who right into the? Because I felt like on the pitch I was missing kind of like
Alex Nativelle: you're working with those and those and those. But I didn't grasp exactly what the benefits of the tool were.
Alex Nativelle: Feel, like.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. And maybe in practice.
Chloe Lannert: Sorry. Go ahead.
Anthony De Silva: Just to like double click on that, Alex, did you? Did you mean like the the benefit to each of the stakeholders, or like how the product works to get the.
Alex Nativelle: All the benefits for everyone like I was confused at the end of like.
Alex Nativelle: you know, like who you're helping and how. And you know, I just felt like. And also I was missing an example, right? This also comes down to the fact. I'm not American, so I'm not familiar with this whole process right? So this has something to do with that as well. But I was like, I don't see really what you're doing exactly.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, maybe in practice this looks like talking through the customer or the home buyer journey.
Chloe Lannert: Of like this is. These are all the steps that need to happen. This is where we come in bonus. This helps lenders and real estate agents close deals faster. So there are Channel partners and help us with distribution.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: That.
Anthony De Silva: What do you? Yeah, what do you all think of me just giving him like my story, right like, this is what happened to me. And then.
Alex Nativelle: Refer customers.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah.
Alex Nativelle: Honestly.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Well, I was gonna say, like, sometimes, if you like, are personally tied to the problem, it makes it really compelling. Like man. I bought a house either, like last year, and it was insane. It took me 6 weeks to close and like, and I realized, like, even if I tried to fix XY, and Z couldn't do it, you know. And like. And then people are like, Yeah, fuck. Yeah, man, I went through that, too. I was trying to buy a house, and it was horrible.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: yeah, I was. Gonna say, if you do like a customer story, even if you like, don't do your own personal story in their speech because you want to save that time. For, like you actually hitting your points. If you do it in a video format. It almost makes me think of Dave and George's video for tux the like. The storyline was so clear I feel like Chloe. You should send him like the video of that, because it's like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I think, similar to like what Alex and Monica and I were all saying, it's like the
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: the stories are really unclear, like the Use case.
Anthony De Silva: Oh!
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: And so if you just make it really clear and then talk about it, it makes it a lot easier for people to like follow along and like understand the value propositions. Once they actually understand the story.
Anthony De Silva: Okay.
Alex Nativelle: Completely agree on the thing whether it should be your story or a customer story. I have a strong opinion on this. This is just mine. But I feel like this is better for a customer story to understand what you're doing. Because if you're speaking about your experience, it's more like this is why I started. And this is also a compelling story, right? But it's more like this is why I started. And then the customer story is more like. That's what we're doing now.
Alex Nativelle: You know what I mean.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, beautiful. Excellent.
Chloe Lannert: Esmile, you ready.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yes, actually so. The purpose of the demo day for us would be like basically warm intros to manufacturers. We are not expecting to be to to find customers there. So it's basically like intros.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: And so we start with video first, st the the content of the video would be, because apparently like manufacturing, seems to be a complex topic. So we just want to bring like people's minds from the sky to errors, and like making it the kind of a reality for them. So that's really the purpose for us to have the video first, st
Esmaeil Sadeghi: does that make sense for.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, maybe makes sense. But what kind of manufacturing before you? Maybe you'll go into it.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, shall I say a few words here, or like, go with the page, and probably and let's see if you would find that.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Sure. Sure, that's fine.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Shortly.
Chloe Lannert: Because mile, you're going video first, st right?
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yes. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. They show aerospace stuff in there in their video.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So it's a kind of like example that we want to bring it up. And then, of course, here, I would explain that it's not only aerospace, but also some other sectors as well.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yep.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So imagine launching a satellite and watching it fail, not because of a bad design, but because of a tiny defect no one saw coming. It's not fiction. It's a million dollar mistake that happens in real life and in aerospace or medical, it can cost human lives. The truth here is that most failures don't happen on the drawing board. They happen on the shop floor, and it costs manufacturers their profit, their confidence, and also their reputation.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: With 4 Phds in AI. And manufacturing from the University of Waterloo. At Optifa we are helping manufacturer build parts right the 1st time our software predicts failure points before production starts. No guesswork, no trial runs just confidence for the manufacturers.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: We are working with aerospace energy and medical manufacturers like Siemens, Honeywell G. Aerospace companies that maybe it's not good enough for them in a 1.2 trillion dollars market that can afford failure.
Chloe Lannert: Right on. Time.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I really like that.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I do think like there's like elements of like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: the way you say it, that could be a little more compelling, because, like, you're like you said, it's like a million dollar mistake. Lives can be lost. But it's like when you say these like really impactful numbers like, take a pause and really let it sink in, because like to just go from point to point to point to point. You don't let people really feel it, and I think that if you're trying to like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: sell to the customers like the manufacturers like that was really clear for me, like as someone who like doesn't come from the industry doesn't really understand, like the semantics of, or complexities of what you're doing. Like as a complete normal audience member. I'm like, Wow, okay, that was like, really clear and compelling.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: But I think, like, it's like the way you present. It's like you have to have like,
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: The. It's like in toastmasters, they say that's like the 4 P's or something. It's like the power like you, the voice, the vocal variety. And it's like the use of pause? And so it's like really like taking those moments to let it sink in. And then it's like signposting, or whatever where you like, kind of like, bring it back in the very beginning, the very end. I think that there's like elements of that where you can just like really drive home and like, make it impactful.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, the main problem, I would say, I would confess here, like I have always a smile on my face, especially when I want to say, like it costs human lives. I think I should be a bit like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah, you shouldn't be like human life.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: I shouldn't smile at that moment. I have to control the feeling and emotion. Yes, I think you are right totally.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: I would do a lot of practice on that part specifically.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I thought it was really good. I thought, I agree with Jlo like, it's very compelling. 1.2 trillion dollars is a crazy number. I like how you said your you 4 Phds from Waterloo is like the Mit of Canada.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I love that too.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I had some questions. So I have 2 questions. So you said, the software can detect failures
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): before production. I'm just curious. Is it like based on physics like, how is it making that prediction.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Oh, good question, it's a difficult one. So so basically, we get like data from the sensors. Let's take the example of 3D printing technology like it's a layer by layer manufacturing style. So before any new layer, we can control what happened before. And then we can correct the machine afterwards.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: And so that's like the way we work for every layer. We see what happened, and then we correct it, and then the next layer. It would be totally fine.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay. So your software is used for 3D printed manufacturing.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, the entry point would be 3D printing technology. But then, of course, it's scalable to other technologies as well.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, maybe mention that since it's, you know, because.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: No.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Manufacture.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: If I stayed. Yeah, if I say 3D printing people would be really like disappointed in 2025. Unfortunately. So, of course, this is a very good point. I actually started with saying that. But then I felt like there are ups and downs with 3D printing. There were a lot of investment. It was a hype like a few years ago, like with 3D printing. And now it's down. And so.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: yeah, I think this is a good point. I think. I agree that we have to mention somehow, like which technologies we are supporting
Esmaeil Sadeghi: somehow.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay? And then my next question is, you're doing aerospace and med device. And like.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I, I understand those are similar because you can't have any failure. It's like you said human lives.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Exactly.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Is that? Why you're targeting these 2 like, what is a relationship.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Because the quality is important in these 2 sectors. Of course, the others they care about quality, but for the others, like for automotive industry. The cost is more important. So that's why we want to like tailor the message for different sectors. It's always a trade-off between quality and cost. Since our focus today is all about like quality and prevention of defects. And like, so so on. That's why we want to focus
Esmaeil Sadeghi: on this specific 2 industries like aerospace and medical, and also energy as well. But then it would be in terms of like into like a matter of like a scalability. It can be also applied to other sectors, but the messaging would be different, totally.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, I think this is where you can make it like J. Lo, saying, make it more dramatic and
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): think about aerospace satellites. I don't know space shuttle. I don't know if you do that. But like other components and then medical device you have, like Ecg machines like MRI scanner like. If you can just say some concrete examples of each of those things, maybe at the beginning, like.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): what do Ecg machines, MRI scanners, satellites, and space shuttles have in common that they cannot fail, and human lives are on the line, you know. For this reason, and then you can go into the rest of your, you know, cause this makes it really concrete to me like instead of like aerospace and medical device. And and that's where you can. You can tell people like we are helping detect failure and extremely critical, like manufacturing applications.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: It makes sense. Monica. Thank you very much for this example. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Real quick. What do you all think about taking the team part out
Chloe Lannert: so he can slow down and talking about the team in more detail in the Q. And A instead.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Agree.
Chloe Lannert: All right. Who's my next victim?
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Oh, thank you, Brett, thank you so much again.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: I?
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Okay? So my objective is I being in the automotive industry, I want to just uncover any automotive connections that are there. So could be dealerships. It could be people who've worked at automotive companies or those who work at corporate oems.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: And because we're trying to completely change the way people buy cars. I'd love to be introduced to people who like experts in the e-commerce ux behavioral design space. So other people who have redefined their industries with the design or the way that people shop. So I'm starting with a pitch and then a demo.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: So my pitch is car shopping sucks. I think we can all agree, and that hasn't changed for the last century. But what you don't know is that it also sucks for salespeople. They're expected to memorize a ton of product information and deliver this amazing customer experience. Using the same pen and paper process they've had for decades. I've worked with over 100 dealerships, and 9 times out of 10 they say the same thing. The process is broken.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Salespeople forget to ask the right questions. Customers hold back information, and they end up showing the wrong vehicle at the wrong price, and then the deal falls apart. It's a 2 trillion dollar industry running off of pen and paper, and it's burning through people. If you don't sell enough, you're out. Dealerships flip up to 80% of their sales teams every single year. It takes 3 years to get really great at it, but most quit in 18 months, and that's costing them $45,000 per person.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Mayor. Making auto. Easy is the 1st sales enablement platform that replaces all of their outdated manual processes with a tool. They'll actually use our system matches, buyers to the right vehicles and optimizes the conversation completely, taking the guesswork out of the sales process to help salespeople sell cars faster with less effort and less friction.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: and then it goes into my demo of transforming like an old school team in the dealership, interviewing people with a clipboard and paper, and then I'll go into scenarios with sales, people around the dealership demoing the product where the salesperson, talking to the customer with an ipad around a vehicle. Maybe I'll throw in some sales people testimonials, and my goal is like they'll walk away from this whole thing, thinking like holy shit. This is totally the way. If this is faster, easier for everybody like. Why does this not exist already?
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Okay.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Good Energy.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I love the energy, but I also feel like you're like missing one really key component.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Okay.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: It's like, yes, car selling car like car buying sucks. But it's because nobody fucking trusts car salesmen. Everybody always says like the sleazy car salesmen right like, but you never even like you almost treated the salespeople for cars as like regular tech sales people, and like they ain't fucking tech salespeople. They're fucking sleazy car salespeople. No one trusts them.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I don't know. I don't. I don't have that impression of them. Maybe back in the day.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: What even now.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: No, they're not. It's like everybody hates car salespeople. I don't know. And it's like, essentially like your tech, like the platform that you're building that has, like more real time and ease of use, availability for all the information stats like. Yes, it's making it easy. But like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: would it potentially like, replace the car salesperson.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: You know what I mean like. Would the person who's buying the car like me? Would I be able to just go to your platform, and just like completely omit the salesperson altogether.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Yeah, it kind of. And this is where I have to tread lightly is because I'm I'm not in a position because I work with dealerships. I'm not in a position to bash on them.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: and because I want to use this as a platform, I I cannot be like talking poorly, and they obviously they'll hate that. So but yes, like the whole thing is that, regardless of where the industry goes, there's gonna be less sales people. It's not gonna be a salesperson. It's gonna be a concierge person. It's gonna be a branded experience. I'm building this with that in mind. And that's gonna be part of my QA. Is like, what is the future of automotive like? Will there be dealer?
Vivian @makingautoeasy: And I'll have to explain that like? Yes, there probably still would be dealerships. People want to test, drive, and touch. The vehicles especially used. Cars and dealerships exist because of legislation and like, there's things that protect them, and like just service vehicles. But the same point is like it will change. This is time they've adopted retail like on, like digital retailing there recently. And this is the next step.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: You said something that I really like. You're like. It's like there's gonna be concierge brand ambassadors like that to me. Like if the whole, if you're talking about transforming this entire industry and like really revolutionizing or taking it to the next level or completely disrupting it. Like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: you know, it's an archaic process. Nobody likes it yet. You maybe you don't bash on the car salesman. But you say, like people want something different, and like we're seeing it across all these different industries. And so like. This is the time for us to make this change, and like, instead of, like the traditional car, salesmen that we all know and maybe don't trust, like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: we now have, like concierge. And this is the future. And this is where we're bringing. This is the technology that's going to bring us forward into this new way of
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: buying and selling cars. You know what I mean, because that feels more like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: you're addressing the elephant in the room. Of course, nobody likes buying cars, but also like, really, it's because they don't like talking to people.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Hmm.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: yeah, I basically am creating, like the ideal car salesperson that bridges the gap between the customer and the dealership.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, you can also frame the idea of the Sleazy car salesman as something that current car salespeople have to fight against. It can be part of their problem. Stack and be like. People still believe that car salesmen are just trying to sell the same cars, but, like even the ones who want to
Chloe Lannert: match vehicles the best can't, or later he gets his position.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: No, I like that.
Ankur Toshniwal: I was, I was gonna add a little bit similar to that is, maybe this is an opportunity to bridge the gap between what J-lo. Believes about
Ankur Toshniwal: car salesmen and what the reality of why, it's like that, right? Like
Ankur Toshniwal: they have this reputation. Maybe you have an opportunity of educating people slightly about why that bridge exists like, why do? Why do we feel like our salesmen are sleazy people, or whatever it is, when maybe it's actually the structure that's around them that's causing this. And and there's other issues that's causing this. And then you actually have a unique insight of like a common stigma and you know, then I thought, the problem kind of
Ankur Toshniwal: is both. It shows your unique insight, and it becomes really clear about you know what maybe your opportunity is here.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I was. Gonna say, that's like also a perfect opportunity to interject. Jtbd.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: like, use the words that your customer interview said like that'll be so relatable, you know.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So I have a bigger picture perspective on this like, where do where do you fit into the market? Because there's a lot of stuff out there. There's like shift. There's Craigslist, there's Carvana, there's auto trader. There's a dealer like I've used shift and had a great experience. And they specialize in used cars, right? So they are like a concierge. Right? They take pictures of the cars. They put them up online. They detail the car. They drive it over to you. You test, drive it at home. Then they drive it back, and then you have, like a money back.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): guarantee within 30 days, so that already exists for used cars out there. So I really want to know, where do you fit in in this kind of already crowded landscape of
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): intermediaries for car buying.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Yeah. And to be specific, like, a lot of you've mentioned very different types of companies like categories. You're like, there's inventory aggregators like auto trader and then shift, which is a dealership that operates online.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: The reason why I started this originally was because there's so many different options and car shoppers have a hard time. It's very overwhelming. There's a ton of options. So what I originally built was to help people understand their options really quickly and make decisions. I have visual tools that help them make progress and make decisions, have the right contrasts, basically do a job assessment on themselves.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: and then to be able to match the right vehicle to them. So it it's part being able to help the salespeople give them the tools so that they can overcome that conflict that they have with the customer where the customers hiding information. And then from this the car buyers perspective. It helps them make progress at the dealership so they can meet in the middle. So the reality is like, not every like. There's more dealerships than online dealerships. And there's still people going into buying new cars as well.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: So is your platform like aggregating across like brands and like dealerships like, no.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: this is an in right now. Yeah, right now it's an in dealership experience. So it's a sales enablement tool that's used for in store in person experiences.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So one of the common problems is like, you want this color. It's at like another location. Will it help with like stuff like that it'll aggregate across that brand's dealerships to help.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: And that's that's the point. Like the 1st step. One is one individual dealership. Right now we're working with our 1st auto group. So now we can aggregate between all the groups. So like, just because my store doesn't have it. But the one across the street is in my group, and they actually have it. Now you know that right now there's no process for them to do that. They have to go manually search for it, and not after that, because my background is oem. It would be to aggregate for the manufacturer
Vivian @makingautoeasy: vehicle right now. In 2 weeks the vehicle might arrive, but the salesperson forgot about you because you're not texting them back, anyway. But that actually is the right vehicle for you. Let's notify you and the salesperson.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, that makes it concrete for me, right? Because then you're like talking about it gets rid of pen and paper, and it sucks like make it super concrete. Like, you know. You know, you want this car, and you want the the higher tier model and a certain color. This. Your local dealer doesn't have it. You have to typically drive over to like another like dealership to get it. But no, your sale, your salesperson can just call and just find out right. And
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): so just make it a little bit more clear, because it's to me. This is like very nebulous like as to like what it's doing? And does it help with the buying as well? Because that's also time consuming or just the matching.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Right now, it's just matching. But like, the the natural progression of the product is, it would go online.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah. Okay, okay. So that's all I would say is like, it was just like confusing as to where it sits in the marketplace. And me as a consumer who knows nothing I like, but I know about all these other things as I've used them, or have been on the platform so like for me. I just want to know, like, what is it doing? How does it fit in the landscape? And then like at the dealer? What, specifically, is it doing to make the dealers life easier and the customer's life easier?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And maybe your video again, like, you know, will be a good counterpart, right, so you don't have to answer all those questions in the pitch.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Yeah, I. The questions that I have right now. Q. And A is like, Why is this a tool that they'll actually love? Because most salespeople don't like their Crm systems and they don't follow it. Like the what the differentiation is, how we're gonna adopt. AI. What is the future of automotive will dealerships exist like, who is this product for? Is it for the salesperson, or is it for the customer? What is the size of the opportunity. What's the feedback from the dealership? And how does it make it easier? So like, I'm using those questions to answer
Vivian @makingautoeasy: like exactly what you said. So that's really helpful.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome thanks uncle or Chris Trina, who wants to take it next.
Chris Wong: Oh, I can go!
Chloe Lannert: Okay, so goal for demo day and then get straight into it.
Chris Wong: Okay? Yeah. So goal for demo day is to get in contact with
Chris Wong: lawyers, or any lawyers from small law firms. that the audience knows. So any audience member that has a lawyer that they know I'm trying to get in contact with them. So that they can try out legalese or use legalese. So customer acquisition
Chris Wong: so what's that?
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Video and pitch like, what order?
Chris Wong: Yeah. So pitch is first, st and then video, pitch is gonna kind of go through story, pain point and kind of like empathize the problem.
Chris Wong: And then what we're doing. And then the video will be an introduction of the kind of solutions that we're solving for the lawyer. And then the QA is gonna be mainly used for like tam, you know, talking about like privacy issues that are concerns there and then traction and and so forth, so more like the details of the of the business itself, and how we've gone so far
Chris Wong: cool, so just a heads up I have the I have the pitch kind of like
Chris Wong: prepared. And then we're still going through kind of iterating on the the video. So we'll. But I'll just jump in and kind of give you the takeaways of that.
Chris Wong: Okay, cool So
Chris Wong: all right, pitch, hey, everyone! My name is Chris. I'm the co-founder and CEO of legalese, and before this I was a startup Vc. Lawyer at Cooley, and, like most lawyers, I charge an uncomfortably high hourly rate, and spend hours each month month justifying it. I track every task that I did and how long I did them.
Chris Wong: and then I described them in my clients bills, but I hated it because it's time that you can't, bill for time. You much rather spend helping your client or being with your family, and frankly, time you'll never get back.
Chris Wong: And this is not just my story, but one felt by lawyers from different firms and different practices. In fact, most lawyers across the United States spend around 10 h each month on legal bills. So at legalese, we're on a mission to save lawyers time for what really matters. And we're doing this by building an AI platform that automatically tracks what a lawyer does in real time and describes that work in their bills. So they spend no more than an hour a month on legal timekeeping and billing.
Chris Wong: And then this is where I go into the video. So I'll go. But let me show you what that means.
Chris Wong: And then from there I'm gonna give you some kind of like takeaways and kind of like we're still switching on slides. And so.
Chloe Lannert: Chris, we're short on time. So we're gonna this is just for the pitch. You're at 57 seconds.
Chris Wong: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Just so, you know.
Chris Wong: Okay, cool. Do you want me to go into the demo like takeaways, or just go into yeah.
Chloe Lannert: This session is is just focused on the pitch. We can talk more about the video.
Chris Wong: Got it cool.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Hey, Chris? I thought it was super clear the 10 HA month reduced to 1 h. It is impressive, but it doesn't sound impressive. So I would use a percentage.
Chris Wong: Okay.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): But I think it's super clear. I mean, I'm curious as to how the AI is tracking you, and like privacy and stuff like that, and like but other than that, I thought, Yeah, it's pretty clear.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I mean, yeah, I thought it was really clear. But I just feel like there was like something missing like the hook or something. I think maybe.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah, there needs to be something more exciting about it.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Or like, maybe you just are so like, blatantly like, Yeah, billing is not exciting. But let me tell you, like 90. But we can reduce your
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: hours spent by 90% like to focus on work whatever I don't know.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: But yeah, like, it was like you, you like, it's like, almost like it was like 2
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: generic, you know, like, you're like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: this is my name. This is my background. This is what I do, and this is why you need it. And it was like, I think, that there's something there I don't know. I want to like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: chew on it, or I want to see your demo video and like, think like, what could be a compelling hook. And then you had said, like the Q. And a will be saved, for like the Tam and the privacy stuff and the AI stuff, and whatever but like, maybe you do talk about the Tam upfront like if your lawyers are wasting, if like, on average, your lawyers are working 100 HA week.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: and they're already burned out, and the turnover is this, and blah blah blah! And you're gonna save them 10 HA week on billing like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: that's really compelling, you know, for me as a law firm to want to use your services. You know.
Chris Wong: Yeah, I see.
Chris Wong: Okay, yeah, there's still.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: What were some of the Jtbd. Like one liners that stood out to you, really compelling.
Chris Wong: Yeah. Some were like I left the big law firm life just because I hated timekeeping.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Boom right there.
Chris Wong: So
Chris Wong: yeah, that's something. There. There are a few others that are out there that I could pull from.
Chris Wong: yeah, I I'd say that. Yeah, it's like, I mean, there are some things that people say. It's like, I didn't. I didn't go to law. I I didn't become a lawyer, just to be a bookkeeper.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Boom right there.
Chris Wong: Or
Chris Wong: yeah, it's like other things like timekeeping is the bane of my existence, like, or things like that.
Chris Wong: I love that that like that's your hook.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: You know.
Chris Wong: Oh, got it!
Chloe Lannert: Totally, and I know that starting with your story is gonna Be great. But I, my pet peeve, is the Hi, I'm so and so. And this is this.
Chris Wong: Yep.
Chloe Lannert: Really personally hate it. You can literally get up there and be like, I'm sorry in advance. I'm an ex coolly lawyer who builds like whatever hours like. I'm sorry all I'm that lawyer. But here's this like problem story. You can. You can do something like make it a little bit more fun versus just starting with 1st name.
Chris Wong: Yeah, okay, I could just enter with like those quotes.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah, I know.
Chris Wong: Walk in there and be like, Hey, I didn't become a lawyer I didn't become when I when I started my locker. I didn't expect myself to be a bookkeeper or something like that. Yeah, or something, I just interjected with a quote.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah, I like that way better.
antoinecarriere: Yeah. And I I think the this, if you if you say that this is a quote.
antoinecarriere: But I could have said that, and then you introduce yourself.
antoinecarriere: I think I think the quota and this come, and making the point. That that quote is not a quote from you.
antoinecarriere: But is is really is is super. Otherwise it's kind of it's a little bit too too circular.
Chris Wong: Got it?
Chris Wong: Yep, okay.
Chris Wong: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Alright, uncle, are you ready.
Ankur Toshniwal: Right? So yeah, we are. I think our our primary
Ankur Toshniwal: our primary target, is like early investors. And do you see customers.
Ankur Toshniwal: No, not really early investors, and prom probably a little bit of like recruiting as well.
Ankur Toshniwal: So alright.
Chloe Lannert: And you're pitch first, st not video first.st
Ankur Toshniwal: Pitch 1st pitch first.st Yeah, I think it's a little long. So
Ankur Toshniwal: tell me what to cut. All right.
Ankur Toshniwal: Most of you have spent an afternoon mindlessly copying details from Airbnb listings into a spreadsheet for a family trip.
Ankur Toshniwal: Now imagine doing that for 12 h every week across hundreds of websites. Here's a dirty little secret companies like Zoom info vanta fanduel, and even hedge funds rely on armies of analysts and data engineers to gather information from the web, but they can deliver precise insights to their customers.
Ankur Toshniwal: Online data entry work is mind numbing monotonous and cost teams millions a year.
Ankur Toshniwal: Small teams use analysts to copy paste web data manually into their databases. Large teams burn hundreds of engineering hours writing custom code for thousands of websites. Neither approach scales and both drain resources from product development and slow down customer onboarding.
Ankur Toshniwal: This work is notoriously difficult to automate because of ever-changing website content and anti-bot measures, despite the fact that it seems simple until now, harvest uses the latest browser agent technology to navigate deep into websites and reduce 12 HA week of online data entry to 15 min.
Ankur Toshniwal: We provide analysts with the chat interface to control precisely what information they want and what structure they want across thousands of web pages. In our 1st month since releasing a paid plan. We've secured 10 monthly subscribers, 6 annual subscriptions, $50,000 in Lois, and have processed 270,000 rows of web data. And now we'll show you exactly how it fits into an analyst's workflow.
Chloe Lannert: Minute, 30.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, so this is for data mining or scraping.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, that's 1 of the applications. Yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And I think you started with a personal like a
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): airbnb, right? Like a like a just a consumer making an airbnb spreadsheet.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): That's not like that compelling. I would like strike that. What I would. Again, I like it when it's concrete. So zoom info, we know, is a business intelligence software. Some people may not know that.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Vanta. I'm really curious. I don't. I didn't know like they're like security certification right? Like in my mind, I'm like, why do they need to do that? But
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): yeah, like, just make it more concrete, like, what are they doing with this data like you can say, like Zoom's info. You may have heard of it. It's a business intelligence software. Where do they get their information from? Well, their analysts go into all of these websites and manually enter like company information into their database.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And then you can say, I think you went into like, why, this is bad, right? Because it's time consuming. And then you said, like, use browser technology
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): that was kind of like.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): it makes it faster, like there's like a disconnect for me, like, what is, what is it doing.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): you know, like, just make it super clear like. So it's
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): using the latest. It sits on the browser. Is that what you're saying of, like all of the websites or like, how does it work.
Ankur Toshniwal: Oh, sorry. The rhetorical. yeah, I mean it. We we
Ankur Toshniwal: the question of how does it work? It replaces what the human would do of actually going to visit the website itself and copying that information into structured format for you.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, I think you also mentioned that people are writing custom code. So they're already doing it using code. So this is still better than that is what you're saying.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, maybe make that connection a little stronger. Right? It got it got like way down in details at the end, right? Like, just a lot of like this. Does this data data entry like these are really dry things, you know. So again, like, maybe get rid of the Airbnb you know, like
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): anecdote use zoom info, you know, like you may have heard of a business intelligence software. This is what they do. You can see that's time consuming right? And then you can go into like, well, we automate all of that for companies like Zoom info and then, like a really brief, like explanation as to
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): you know how and then, like, I think, you went into some statistics, and again great. I like statistics. But it was again feeling very dry, right? So maybe like something more punchy. I don't know. Jlo anyone else. Any other question.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I mean, it was like, yes, it was a little dry, but it was also like it was like too much info. You're like we have 10 customers and 50 K, and always and 2,000 lines of code. And all of a sudden I'm like, Whoa, wait, what's happening, you know, like. And I think, even though you're looking to pitch investors and like potentially recruit, I think you still need to really clearly identify the problem space and like the customer, because like, and maybe that's like in the Intro hook, it's like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Did you know that companies spend $20,000 a month on data purchasing data from zoom info like that's a lot of money, and I don't know whatever it is like. Whoever your customer you're selling to, because I think, like the Airbnb listing like kind of, I mean, because I come from travel. And I'm like, what is he doing? Can I use this software?
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: No, I can't use software that that's nothing I want, you know. So like, I think that's really confusing. Get rid of that, and just like, go straight into the zoom info example, but like who is the customer? Who are you selling to? And then that way, by the end of your
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: pitch you can say like, and we've already had 10 customers that already, like, you know, signed up for 5 annual subscriptions. And like we are like, we have X amount of revenue. And we're looking to grow like we're ready to grow and scale this team. We're recruiting Xyz, and like with that, like, we're also fundraising boom.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: because then it's like Whoa! They've done all this work, and they're like so fucking awesome. They've saved all this time and made all this money
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: like, and therefore I'm ready for this.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: So okay, so my, I think my fear of like it just being one like just zoom info was kind of, I think you're actually saying that it's actually simpler. So I'll I'll do that, and I can focus on just one. I was afraid that it would feel too small if we.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): You can add it. You can add a line like after the zoom info anecdote you'd be like, and zoom info is not the only one like.
Ankur Toshniwal: Right, right.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Like Vanta Blah Blah, or some other examples, and then go on to your next point right.
Ankur Toshniwal: Okay, okay, cool. So
Ankur Toshniwal: yeah, I'll I, yeah, I. We've gotten this before. And I, I, I have to. I have to rework it. So simple, simple story. In the beginning.
Ankur Toshniwal: Lose, lose the numbers, really, until like, it's like, maybe one clear number, and then
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: More.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah. And then, yeah, I, honestly, I added the the technology stuff only because I I think in one of the previous things that your guys feedback was was I don't know how like the I think it was for optifab. I actually didn't have it in there, and I added it in it sounds like you don't even care.
Ankur Toshniwal: are they? For.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Manufacturing. It's like.
Ankur Toshniwal: It's more interesting. Yeah, yeah, okay. So alright. So I'll I'll scrap that actually wasn't in my original. So I will scrap that again and good to know. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah, like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: stuff and details you can just use for the Q&A like, if you really want to talk about like your customer traction and all that stuff save the traction for the Q. And A. That way you can focus on the pitch and the product.
Ankur Toshniwal: Awesome. Thank you.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I might actually have some customers for you
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): like thought of, like 2 companies.
Ankur Toshniwal: So how do you? So how you do know what we do? Then
Ankur Toshniwal: I know what you're trying to do. Yes, okay, cool. Alright. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Killer.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, Chris, you got a customer, too.
Chloe Lannert: Trina, you ready.
Trina Das: Hi, I am actually building for biomedical diagnostic labs and targeting their tech team. So I'm going to the demo day to get introductions to lab networks or to connect with the biomedical industry anyone who can help us there.
Trina Das: So that's the whole purpose. I want to play the video first.st
Trina Das: So our video typically shows the deep tech specializations that we are building in, like, you know, for specific lab workflows and how we are building the data infrastructure, the cool automation that we are enabling for making diagnostic, like, you know, report reading really fast for the radiologists. And like AI teams. So we'll start with the video, and then I'll come to my pitch.
Trina Das: so I'm not really sure how much time my pitch is taking. But let me give it a shot.
Trina Das: So Hi, I'm Trina Das, the CEO of Thrins trins is building the data foundation for biomedical imaging. AI today, 80% of biomedical AI models that are based on imaging data don't even make it to production, due to data and deployment challenges, wasting billions of dollars for diagnostic enterprises and lab tech teams, trins, bridges, these gaps using biomedical imaging toolkits.
Trina Das: deployment infrastructure and expert-based feedback loops in one unified platform three's data infra can save diagnostic labs in the Us 20 billion dollars annually and reduce test reading times by 90%, making their data
Trina Das: error free and by providing real time reading, support and workflow specialized post deployment error tracking at rinse, we offer 3 things, one specialized data toolkits for each specific biomedical imaging workflow built specifically for diagnostic labs, 2 remote diagnostic support enabling real time support from other radiologists across the world. For your like, you know, lab
Trina Das: team the 3 is end-to-end data annotation services where you can outsource all your annotation needs.
Trina Das: In just 3 months we have launched close to $180,000 in paid pilot revenues from 2 Us. Biomedical labs and processed 30,000 biomedical images already.
Trina Das: Do reach out to me. If you can help us introduce to the diagnostic labs in the Us. And help us make diagnostics error-free. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, a minute, 40. And then that request for intros will be at the end of your QA. Not at the end of your pitch. Remember, if you've got the pitch video and then and then the QA. You want that to be your sort of final. Ask and then this goes for you, but also Carlo and Esmail. I cut down a little bit more than
Chloe Lannert: you would typically expect, because both of you were running quite, or all 3 of you were running quite fast.
Chloe Lannert: so you'll want to make sure that there's enough breathing room. When you're pacing it out for for time.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay. So I have some thoughts. I felt like I was watching a technical sales presentation and not a pitch. And I'm totally lost. So, okay, are you providing, are you? You're selling to biomedical labs?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I took notes and I'm still totally lost.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I know I like took this many notes. You're talking so fast, and I still couldn't pull out like the wow factors.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I think, like, I said, it was a very. It was a technical sales presentation that was selling to the buyer, the technical buyer. So okay, you're selling to biomedical labs
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): something to do imaging data. So it's like MRI, Ct, scan, pet scan that kind of thing like, can you just give an overview of
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): like, what is your product? Is it? You said packet like package? You know, you talked about and data annotation, data workflow like. What is the thing that you're selling? 1st of all? If you could describe.
Trina Das: Sure. So you must be aware that biomedical diagnostic labs require, like imaging based models to be deployed, to make radiology work like easy right like they make a lot of mistakes without the AI support.
Trina Das: So AI can remove those errors. But to implement that AI, the teams need to like, you know, integrate their data with the AI, which is like full of errors. And it's not structured. So at Thrins, we are helping to structure that data. That is number one, that we are doing for that. We are providing all the data tools number 2, that we are doing at Thrins is basically helping radiologists with real time, like
Trina Das: radiology, support from a team of radiologists back in India. The 3 that we're doing, which is called pre readings. The 3rd thing that we are doing is end to end diagnostic, sorry annotation support to help with. If you want to like, outsource all your annotation, we are helping you with, like, you know, annotating the data.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay? So basically, these are biomedical labs that want to implement like AI processes right in in terms of reading the scans and things like that. Right?
Trina Das: Yeah, so so it's like images that. So whenever you go get inside like a Ct Scan machine or like a X-ray machine, the images that you get to read them. There is requirement of AI, because radiologists make like a lot of mistakes.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, got it? Yeah. So I. So in clinical trials, we work with central reading labs. Right? When we run an oncology study, we use this. We have all the clinical sites and their Ct. And MRI scans to the central lab, and then they have radiologists that sit there and actually do Rhesus readings and things like that. So you're saying nowadays they're doing that with the assistance of AI right like AI solutions out of box solutions. Right? They've
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): like, purchase them. But they need to integrate that AI solution with their unstructured data. Right? That they have that they're generating. So what you're doing is, you're helping with the integration of those things.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay? So
Trina Das: But also making making sure that they're doing it compliantly, and they can get reading support, so that the missed detections and false positives are reduced to 0.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay? So they're also getting they're also getting help from actual radiologists. Right? So they have a radiologist counterpart at on your end. Okay? So when you say biomedical, diagnostic lab.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): like, we're using different terminology. Right? This is like a.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): it's like a central reading lab, right where radiologists read different types of data, either for clinical trials or for hospitals. Right? Is that correct? Okay, you just simplify all of that stuff. Like, I, just
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): that's fine.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Have a background in.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Simplified.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Simplify it a lot. Right? So you have to. You have to like, actually describe your customer in a way that, like a lay person can understand.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): for this pitch, specifically, not when you're going and selling or getting technical investor. Maybe even these bio biotech investors may need a dumb down, too, but like.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): so you have to say, like, you know, have you ever wondered what happens when you get a Ct scan, or when you get an MRI Scan hospitals actually send the scan to labs that have radiologists that read. Or maybe it's in-house right? It could be an in-house lab that actually read and make diagnoses off of your scan. Now, you know, AI is being used more and more to assist these radiologists with the reading of your scan.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): However, you know the AI doesn't always play nice with the data that the radiologist is generating. That's where we come in. We are the bridge between these AI solutions that these labs desperately need to implement with the labs themselves. And then you can go into that. Jlo, does that? Would that be like.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): you know, comprehensible to a non healthcare person.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I mean, even that is like a lot, I think, and it also like when you say it bridges AI to the radiologists feedback. It's like it, almost like makes the tam feel even smaller. So it's like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: what's like you had said twice in your pitch like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: per what X percentages don't make it, and it costs Billy X billions of dollars in annually, and then you said it again later.
Trina Das: Sam is actually much smaller in us. There are like 11 billion images processed every year, and I don't.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: They're asking crazy. 11 billion images are processed every year in the Us.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Like that should be your hook, and you're and then but it should be like 11 billion images are processed every year. 99% of them have some sort of error rate or something, because it's like, if you simplify it down, you're helping diagnostics be error free. But what percentage of all the diagnostics have errors.
Trina Das: About like 20% 15 to 20%.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: So that's a lot. And these are like health diagnostics. Right? So it's like this is, there's an.
Trina Das: A real impact, 15 to 20% required second and 3rd readings.
Trina Das: So.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah, that's a lot. That's a lot of waste of time, a lot of waste of money, a lot of potential lost lives. I don't know. So it's like
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: there's 11.
Trina Das: Right there, we can start like that. That's a cool one.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah.
Trina Das: Okay.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I would talk about that. I would also talk about how like these labs want to use the AI, but they can't right like they. They want to be able to use this technology and they're being shut out because they don't know how to implement it. Right?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And again, I would go back to the biomedical imaging diagnostic lab and just call it a radiology lab like, maybe that's not as accurate. But people know what radiology is right like, it's like when you get scanned. Radiology lab is where they're actually looking at the scans. Right? So it's just like really simplify. Like all of that terminology. So people can understand.
Trina Das: So you're saying that it doesn't have to be the right industry term. But as long as the layman is understanding that should be good.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, you don't have to have it totally for this pitch, you know. You don't want it to be totally inaccurate, but just very generic, right?
Trina Das: Yeah, yeah, I got it. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, so I'm gonna cut off. I'm sorry we're over time Monica and Jlo, do you have room for one more.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yep, one's fine.
Chloe Lannert: Trina. I'd also highly suggest looking back at the messaging workshop that we had earlier this week. I think it'll help a lot, for
Chloe Lannert: all all that you got going on. Okay, Antoine. Sorry
Chloe Lannert: about the the switch up there and the overtime.
antoinecarriere: Hey?
antoinecarriere: So we have at video, we we do a interview preparation with an an AI coach.
antoinecarriere: And our goal is to
antoinecarriere: basically launch our consumer offering in the Us. We've been in the business in France for for the past year. And and we're we're going to use Demo today to launch our consumer facing offering in the Us.
antoinecarriere: So I'm sure it's a little long. But I'm looking forward to knowing how long it is.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Are you doing video or pitch? First.st
antoinecarriere: Pitch first, st and then video.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Okay? And is the video just gonna be like a demo or an explainer to what you pitch.
antoinecarriere: It's going to be, mostly focused on the, on the, on the benefit to the students. With a with a kind of a quick demo, of the of the product of how it works.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Okay. Cool.
antoinecarriere: So
antoinecarriere: imagine interviewing for your dream job. You spend countless hours preparing. You're super stressed, you can feel your heartbeat.
antoinecarriere: You open the door, greet the hiring manager. It's your time.
antoinecarriere: except within a minute, you know it's not going well, fast forward to the end. You have the crushing feeling that you blew it back home. You replay the meeting in your head, but it's too late.
antoinecarriere: Most of us have a version of that story. My name is Antoine, and I certainly do. I failed. My 1st interview at Bcg. And same thing at Google, and despite that when I eventually got in, I had a successful career at both.
antoinecarriere: and when the tables got turned I saw that often. The best candidates aren't the best during the interview. That's why I started brio to give everyone, no matter their interviewing skills or background a fair shot at the job they deserve.
antoinecarriere: Rio is a supportive interview coach, who is also an expert in your industry available. 24, 7. We give you actionable feedback. So you are confident, without sounding rehearsed.
antoinecarriere: You may have heard of that Columbia student who went rogue and raised millions for a tool to cheat during the job interview.
antoinecarriere: We are the exact opposite of that.
antoinecarriere: We actually partner with top schools to teach their students. We make interview preparation, a fun yet rigorous process.
antoinecarriere: and it works less than a year. In over 10 schools are paid partners. We passed 50 K. AR. Earlier this year and had our 1st profitable month in March. And the market is huge. It's not only entry level jobs.
antoinecarriere: There's over a billion people who go through formal interviews every year. And it's a hundred 1 billion dollar opportunity as we democratize access to an interview coach.
antoinecarriere: But it's not about the money our users telling us how transformational video was for their job. Search is why we do this. Let's take a look.
Chloe Lannert: 1 59.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I feel like there's.
antoinecarriere: So I want.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: That can be x, like.
antoinecarriere: Yes.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I actually really liked it. I loved the storytelling elements. But I feel like there's like areas where you could really just get rid of, like the Columbia student AI cheating like, who cares?
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: We don't need to hear that. Get that out of there and then like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: when you talk about your personal story. I thought it was great, too. But like, you talk about Vcg and Google, just choose Google. Nobody likes Vcg, anyways. So like fucking, say, Google, and like, I failed my 1st interview. And I feel horrible like, I love that. And then it resonates with people because everybody wants a job at Google, you know, like. And that way you're like cutting out little like seconds here and there.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: And then at the very end, like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I love that you say, like, it's not about the money. It's about like the feeling that these students get when they feel empowered to like get their dream job blah blah like here, let's hear from them. And then you do the testimonial video. I think that's great. But maybe, like there's another way to reword it. So it's not like. It's not about the money, because it really is about the money. You know what I mean
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: like, how do you say it without saying that? I don't know.
antoinecarriere: No, I should cut. It's not about the money, I should say, but that at the end of the day it's about the students it's about. I think it's kind of. I don't need to say it's not about the money.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I agree with Jr, on all aspects like, yeah, I got. Then the narrative flow is really good. You guys get sucked right in. I also thought about the Columbia student like, why is that in there? I think you're trying to seek from seek into like the schools right like that was your transition. But yeah,
antoinecarriere: I know.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I think it's not just about students. It's about like the the companies win. Because, like you said, I really like that line, you should keep it about the best job. Interviewers are not the best employees. They just know how to interview for jobs. Right? That's key, I think right.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And then my only other question is like, What is so? Your customer is a school university, right? So like what's in it for them. So they have statist better statistics on job placement of their student body. Like.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: It affects their ranking like every every university wants to be higher ranked like, I think Berkeley Haas right now is like ranked number one for job placement.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Got it? Yeah.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Puts you in the Us. Rankings for number one.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah.
antoinecarriere: Yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): That was great, just like, make a chop, and then make the certain things more powerful and impactful. Right?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): It was super.
antoinecarriere: Just just make it better. No, no, it's very actionable. Your your feedback is very actionable. That's that's helpful.
antoinecarriere: And I it's not the 1st time that I'm too long, you know, so
antoinecarriere: sorry, and I was the last one, so I should let you all go. I just my feedback on all the ones that I've heard is like you guys are have made a ton of progress already. And I think at this point the problem and Chris and Trina specifically is, you are doing the right pitch
antoinecarriere: for the wrong audience. In some, in some cases, you know, I think I think, uncle, your pitch is great for some kind of not just not exactly for that. So so the the it's it's it's funny to see the. And, by the way. Thanks for the tough love monika and and jado.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Well, Chloe emailed me. I don't know about Jlo. She's like, Be critical.
Chloe Lannert: Critical is helpful. This is at the narrative formation stage. We're going to have nicer pitch practices later down the line where it's like talk slower, more energy like that isn't this
Chloe Lannert: time.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Can you remind me when Demo Day is again.
Chloe Lannert: 29th of May you should have gotten your invite.
Chloe Lannert: I know 30.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Okay, I might be out of town fuck.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I know.
Chloe Lannert: I'm personally devastated.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Fuck. I know
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Lisa's going out of town for like I don't even know, like 3 months, she's gonna be like trappisting about Europe. And so I'm trying to like see her before she leaves. Anyways, it's fine. I'll try to make it work.
Chloe Lannert: Just visit her in Europe.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: I mean I will be doing that too.
Chloe Lannert: Alright, bye, everyone, Monica. Jlo, thank you so much.
Jennifer Loh, Travaras: Good job. Y'all. Y'all did a really good job.
Andrew Fernandes: Thank you. Guys.
Chris Wong: Thank you so much.
Chloe Lannert: You got a question? Oh.